Painting
Peppa and George
are painting today.
We need some old newspaper
to put on the table.
Yes!
Daddy pig is reading
his newspaper.
You could have my newspape
r when I finish reading it.
All right!
Hooray!
Now we can start painting.
Silly George!
Big children do not
put their hands in the paint.
George loves painting with his hands.
Peppa loves painting
with her hands.
Very good.
Can I have a potato, mummy pig?
They aren't cooked yet, daddy pig
Are you hungry, daddy?
I am not going to eat it.
Watch this!
What is daddy pig doing?
Now who can tell
me what this is.
Aflower!
Clever daddy!
I loved painting
when I was a young piggy.
Now where are
my old painting things.
Daddy, why are you
wearing that funny hat?
This is my beret,
it puts me in the mood
for painting pictures.
Now what shall I paint?
Well chosen, George.
I'll paint the old cherry tree.
What's that?
It's an easel, Peppa.
It hold my canvas.
What's the canvas?
It's big like paper for
very special paintings.
Is that toothpaste?
No, Peppa,
These are special paints
forgrown-up artist.
There!
What color should
we begin with?
Red, please!
Why red, Peppa?
Red is my favorite color.
But first we need to paint the sky.
Look! What color is it?
Blue, of course.
Very good.
Let's start with blue.
Now forthe cherry tree.
We need green for the leaves.
But there isn't any green.
Never mind!
If we mix blue paint
with yellow paint,
we can make green.
Mixing blue and yellow
makes green.
Ohhhhhh
What lovely green leaves!
And here's some grass...
What about the brown branches?
We haven't got brown paint.
We can make brown.
We'll mix the green and the red.
Mixing green and red
makes brown.
Daddy pig paints the tree trun
k and the branches.
Whah!
Daddy, can I paint the cherries?
Yes, Peppa,
put your fingers in the paint
and dab it onto the tree.
One, two, three.
Well done!
Now it's George's turn.
What a great painter
you are, George!
There, the painting is finished.
Hooray!
Oh, it's the ducks.
Hello, Mrs. Duck
We are painting a picture.
The ducks are running
through daddy's paint.
Shoo! Shoo!
Naughty ducks!
Shoo! Ducks! Shoo!
Stay away from my painting.
Oh, no!
The ducks have made paint
footprints all overthe painting.
Oh, dear!
What was all that noisy?
Mummy, the ducks have
spoiled our painting.
Mmmm, let me see.
The ducks are making paint footprints in the
garden just like the ones on the painting.
Daddy's painting isn't spoiled, Peppa.
It's perfect!
Hooray!
Oh, Yes.
I am a bit of an expert at painting.
And so are the ducks.